Hadrian's Wall was built to keep out whom? A - The Irish. B - The Welsh. C - The picts. D - The Vikings.
Which of the following statements is correct? A - Shakespeare wrote 'To be or not to be'. B - Shakespeare wrote 'We will fight them on the beaches'.
The enlightenment led to major developments in which TWO areas? A - Science. B - Politics. C - History. D - Theatre.
Which of the following statements is correct? A - All Acts of Parliament are made in the monarch's name. B - All Acts of Parliament are made in the Prime Minister's name.
Why is Sir Edwin Lutyens famous? A - He won a gold medal at the London 2012 Olympic Games. B - He was the first UK prime minister. C - He invented the World Wide Web. D - He was a 20th Century architect.
Is this statement true or false? The first world war ended at 11 AM on 11/09 1918
Which TWO groups contested the wars of the roses in the 15th century? A - Irish. B - House of York. C - Scottish. D - House of Lankaster
Which parts of the UK have devolved governments? A - England and Wales. B - Wales, England and Northern Ireland. C - Only Northen Ireland. D - Wales, Scotland and Northern Ireland.
Is the statement true or false? Cardiff, Swansea, and New Port are cities in England.
When is Boxing day? A - The day after Easter. B - The day after Christmas day. C - The last monday in August. D - 1st May. 
What age group does the National Citizen Service Program cover? A - All children up to the age of 17. B - Pensioners. C -16 and 17 year olds. D - 18-30 year olds.
Which of the following statements is correct? A - Women in Britain make up about 1/4 of the workforce. B - Women in Britain make up about 1/2 of the workforce.
What was the Beverage Report of 1942 about? A -How to end the war in Europe. B -How to treat the Germans and Japonese after the war. C - Establishing a welfare state. D -Overseas aid.
Which of the following statements is correct? A - In a Crown Court case, the judge decides the sentence when someone is found guilty. B - In a Crown Court case, the jury decides the sentence when someone is found guilty.
Which UK city hosted the 2012 Paralympic Games? A - Belfast. B - Cardiff. C - Edinborugh. D - London.
Is the statement below true or false? Britain and Germany developed Concorde, a passenger supersonic aircraft.
What is a fundamental principle of British life? A - A relaxed work ethic. B - Democracy. C - Extremism. D - Religious Faith.
Is the statement below true or false? The developed Scottish government rules Scotland from Edinburgh
Is the statement below true or false? Catherine Howard was the sixth wife of Henry VIII
What happened in 1215 to change the powers of the king? A - The Domesday Book. B - Magna Carta. C - The Reform Act. D - The Black Death.
Is the statement below true or false? UK population growth has been faster in recent years.
WHich of the following statements is correct? A - Local elections are normally held in May. B - Local elections are normally held in March.
Which TWO are famous British composers? A - Claude Debussy. B - Johann Sebastian Bach. C - Henry Purcell. D - Ralph Vaughan Williams.
Is the statement below true or false? Life peers in the House of Lords can pass on their title to their frist-born child.